Document that Google has begun using CLS metric (#27843)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md

Images are lazy loaded by default. That means your page speed isn't penalized for images outside the viewport. Images load as they are scrolled into viewport.

> Images are always rendered in such a way as to avoid [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://web.dev/cls/), a [Core Web Vital](https://web.dev/vitals/) that Google [uses in search ranking](https://webmasters.googleblog.com/2020/05/evaluating-page-experience.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images are always rendered in such a way as to avoid [Cumulative Layout Shift](https://web.dev/cls/), a [Core Web Vital](https://web.dev/vitals/) that Google [uses in search ranking](https://developers.google.com/search/blog/2020/05/evaluating-page-experience).
```

Since this page redirects, lets update to the new page
